# CS50WEB FINAL PROJECT

## SUS ADM PORTAL v1.0

The Sistema Único de Saúde (SUS) it is an achievement of the Brazilian people, guaranteed by the Federal Constitution of 1988. SUS is the only public health system in the world that serves more than 190 million people, 80% of whom depend exclusively on it for any health care.

The SUS is financed with citizen's taxes – that is, with the Union, States and Municipalities' own resources and from other supplementary sources of financing, all duly included in the social security budget.

The SUS was born through the pressure of social movements that understood that health is a right for everyone.

With the advent of the SUS, the entire Brazilian population has the right to universal and free healthcare, financed with resources from the budgets of the Union, States, Federal District and Municipalities, as governed by Article 195 of the Constitution. The Unified Health System includes health centers and posts, public hospitals - including university hospitals, laboratories and blood centers (blood banks), health surveillance services, epidemiological surveillance, environmental surveillance, in addition to foundations and institutes academic and scientific research institutions, such as the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation (FIOCRUZ) and the Vital Brazil Institute.

### Distinctiveness and Complexity…

This project meets all expectations raised in the final work of the CS50W project, as it is a network platform that implements most of the concepts and techniques taught in the course.

The entire application is based on the Django framework, allowing management of user authentication, database models, http requests, static files and page rendering.

The web app is mobile responsive, with bootstrap library to make my front-end components responsive to mobile devices.

The difference between this web app and previous projects is that this app manages data to schedule appointments immediately, with a wide view of all involved users, as well as managing user permissions and generating a pdf of the invoice when the patient is discharged.

Therefore, I believe this project meets the required distinction and complexity requirements.

My WEB application aims to manage the daily life of the doctor/patient, in a fluid platform, that can meet the necessary scalability for such.

In this way, the parties involved would have complete independence when consulting their data, and consequently, continue the process, from scheduling the appointment, until its completion, with the patient's discharge, together with the release of the invoice.

## Application Features...

### DOCTOR

* Can register to try for a place in SUS. If approved by ADM, the login is then released;
* Can see the list of patients provided by ADM;
* Can see appointments generated by ADM;
* Can see patient data that is assigned to him by ADM;
* Can delete your query.

### PATIENT

* Can create an account, which will remain pending, until it is released by ADM;
* After approval, you will be able to see all your doctor's information;
* May schedule appointments, upon approval by the ADM, later;
* Can check appointments;
* Can consult, or download your invoice in pdf, after receiving discharge.

### ADM

* Manage 100% appointments of doctors and patients;
* Can register / view / approve / reject and delete profiles;
* Register your account. Then login;
* Patients are 100% managed by ADM;
* Can generate / download pdf invoices.

## Web App Structure

* requirement.txt - Lists the modules needed for the Django project to run.
* README.md  - Contains information needed to understand the purpose of the project.

### /static/

* images – Contains the website media files.
* profile_pic – Folder where users' profile photos will be stored.
* css – Contains the CSS files to customise the html pages.

### /templates/SUS

## FOR ALL

* aboutus.html - Template that talks about the project: idea, creator and purpose.
* download_bill.html - Template where you complete the invoice generation process.
* footer.html - Template where the homepage footer is.
* homebase.html - Template that loads the navbar da HOME.
* index.html - Template of the application's first file (index), which loads homeBase.
* navbar.html - Template where the navbar that will be loaded into homeBase is.

## ADM

* admin_add_appointment.html - Template where adm schedules appointments.
* admin_add_doctor.html - Template where the adm includes a doctor in SUS.
* admin_add_patient.html - Template where the adm includes a patient in SUS.
* admin_appointment.html - Template where the adm has access to scheduling options for SUS consultations.
* admin_approve_appointment.html - Template where the adm approves the appointments of SUS consultations.
* admin_approve_doctor.html - Template where the adm approves or disapproves of doctors who are candidates for SUS vacancies.
* admin_approve_patient.html - Template where adm approves or disapproves of patients enrolled in SUS.
* admin_base.html - Template that will be loaded on the dashboard, along with the cards of adm area.
* admin_dashboard.html - Template that loads the base and cards from the adm dashboard.
* admin_dashboard_cards.html - Template with admin dashboard cards.
* admin_discharge_patient.html - Template where ADM releases patients.
* admin_doctor.html - Home screen template with options for the menu of doctors in the adm area.
* admin_patient.html - Home screen template with options for the menu of patient in the adm area.
* admin_update_doctor.html - Template that updates the doctors databases by adm.
* admin_update_patient.html - Template that updates the patients databases by adm.
* admin_view_appointment.html - Template where admin can see scheduled appointments.
* admin_view_doctor.html - Template where adm sees the list of doctors approved by SUS.
* admin_view_doctor_Specialisation.html - Template where adm sees the list of doctors and their specialties.
* admin_view_patient.html - Template where adm sees the list of patients approved by SUS.
* adminclick.html - Template where the adm has the possibility to log into your area, or register on the portal.
* adminlogin.html - Template where adm will login.
* adminsignup.html - Template where the adm will register.

## DOCTOR

* doctor_appointment.html - Template where the doctor has access to scheduling options for SUS consultations.
* doctor_base.html - Template that will be loaded on the dashboard, along with the cards of doctor area.
* doctor_dashboard.html - Template that loads the base and cards from the doctor dashboard.
* doctor_dashboard_cards.html - Template with doctor dashboard cards.
* doctor_delete_appointment.html - Template where the doctor cancels his appointments.
* doctor_patient.html - Template where the doctor explores the options of the patient menu, in the area of ​​doctors.
* doctor_view_appointment.html - Template where doctor can see scheduled appointments.
* doctor_view_discharge_patient.html - Template where the doctor sees the patients who have been discharged.
* doctor_view_patient.html - Template where the doctor sees his list of patients.
* doctor_wait_for_approval.html - Template where the doctor will see that your application has not yet been approved by the adms.
* doctorclick.html - Template where the doctor has the possibility to log into your area, or register on the portal.
* doctorlogin.html - Template where doctor will login.
* doctorsignup.html - Template where the doctor will register.

## PATIENT

* patient_appointment.html - Template where the PATIENT has access to scheduling options for SUS consultations.
* patient_base.html - Template that will be loaded on the dashboard, along with the cards of patient area.
* patient_book_appointment.html - Template where patient schedules appointments.
* patient_dashboard.html - Template that loads the base and cards from the patient dashboard.
* patient_dashboard_cards.html - Template with patient dashboard cards.
* patient_discharge.html - Template where the patient checks whether he has already been discharged or not.
* patient_final_bill.html - Template that presents the invoice.
* patient_generate_bill.html - Template that generates the invoice.
* patient_view_appointment.html - Template where patient can see scheduled appointments.
* patient_view_doctor.html - Template where patient sees the list of doctors approved by SUS.
* patient_wait_for_approval.html - Template where the patient will see that your application has not yet been approved by the adms.
* patientclick.html - Template where the patient has the possibility to log into your area, or register on the portal.
* patientlogin.html - Template where patient will login.
* patientsignup.html - Template where the patient will make registration.

### /SUS/

* admin.py - ModelAdmin classes. Model representation in administrative interfaces.
* apps.py - Application setup.
* forms.py - Allows user interaction with the application.
* models.py - Source of information about stored data. Contains the setup of the data that will be saved.
* views.py - Receives a web request and returns a response.

### /SUSsys/

* urls.py - Design the application URLs.

## Preparing the environment...

* Install Python First!

### THAN

* `pip install django==3.0.5`
* `pip install django-widget-tweaks`
* `pip install xhtml2pdf`
* `pip install sqlparse`

### OR

* `pip install -r requirement.txt`

### How to use:

* `py manage.py makemigrations`
* `py manage.py migrate`
* `py manage.py runserver`

## Youtube demo video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGCx_MqUCtQ
